### Genetic Governments
# Genetic Democracy Perfect
gov_ac_genetic_democratic_perfect = {
	ruler_title = RT_PRESIDENT
	ruler_title_female = RT_PRESIDENT_FEMALE
	possible = {
		is_democratic_authority = yes
		has_country_flag = ac_genetic_perfect
	}
	weight = {
		base = @gov_authority_swap_weight
	}
}

# Genetic Democracy Chaotic
gov_ac_genetic_democratic_chaotic = {
	ruler_title = RT_PRESIDENT
	ruler_title_female = RT_PRESIDENT_FEMALE
	possible = {
		is_democratic_authority = yes
		has_country_flag = ac_genetic_chaotic
	}
	weight = {
		base = @gov_authority_swap_weight
	}
}

# Genetic Oligarchy Perfect
gov_ac_genetic_oligarchic_perfect = {
	ruler_title = RT_CHIEF_PRECENTOR
	ruler_title_female = RT_CHIEF_PRECENTOR_FEMALE
	possible = {
		is_oligarchic_authority = yes
		has_country_flag = ac_genetic_perfect
	}
	weight = {
		base = @gov_authority_swap_weight
	}
}

# Genetic Oligarchy Chaotic
gov_ac_genetic_oligarchic_chaotic = {
	ruler_title = RT_CHIEF_PRECENTOR
	ruler_title_female = RT_CHIEF_PRECENTOR_FEMALE
	possible = {
		is_oligarchic_authority = yes
		has_country_flag = ac_genetic_chaotic
	}
	weight = {
		base = @gov_authority_swap_weight
	}
}

# Genetic Dictatorship Perfect
gov_ac_genetic_dictatorial_perfect = {
	ruler_title = RT_EXECUTOR
	ruler_title_female = RT_EXECUTOR_FEMALE
	possible = {
		is_dictatorial_authority = yes
		has_country_flag = ac_genetic_perfect
	}
	weight = {
		base = @gov_authority_swap_weight
	}
}

# Genetic Dictatorship Chaotic
gov_ac_genetic_dictatorial_chaotic = {
	ruler_title = RT_EXECUTOR
	ruler_title_female = RT_EXECUTOR_FEMALE
	possible = {
		is_dictatorial_authority = yes
		has_country_flag = ac_genetic_chaotic
	}
	weight = {
		base = @gov_authority_swap_weight
	}
}

# Genetic Imperial Perfect
gov_ac_genetic_imperial_perfect = {
	ruler_title = RT_EMPEROR
	ruler_title_female = RT_EMPRESS
	heir_title = HT_AC_CLONED_EMPEROR
	heir_title_female = HT_AC_CLONED_EMPRESS
	use_regnal_names = yes
	dynastic_last_names = yes
	possible = {
		is_imperial_authority = yes
		has_country_flag = ac_genetic_perfect
	}
	weight = {
		base = @gov_authority_swap_weight
	}
}

# Genetic Imperial Chaotic
gov_ac_genetic_imperial_chaotic = {
	ruler_title = RT_EMPEROR
	ruler_title_female = RT_EMPRESS
	heir_title = HT_CROWN_PRINCE
	heir_title_female = HT_CROWN_PRINCESS
	use_regnal_names = yes
	dynastic_last_names = yes
	possible = {
		is_imperial_authority = yes
		has_country_flag = ac_genetic_chaotic
	}
	weight = {
		base = @gov_authority_swap_weight
	}
}

# Genetic Corporate Perfect
gov_ac_genetic_corporate_perfect = {
	ruler_title = RT_EXECUTOR
	ruler_title_female = RT_EXECUTOR_FEMALE
	possible = {
		is_megacorp = yes
		has_country_flag = ac_genetic_perfect
	}
	weight = {
		base = @gov_authority_swap_weight
	}
}

# Genetic Corporate Chaotic
gov_ac_genetic_corporate_chaotic = {
	ruler_title = RT_EXECUTOR
	ruler_title_female = RT_EXECUTOR_FEMALE
	possible = {
		is_megacorp = yes
		has_country_flag = ac_genetic_chaotic
	}
	weight = {
		base = @gov_authority_swap_weight
	}
}

# Genetic Ancestral Hive
auth_ac_genetic_hive_perfect = {
	ruler_title = RT_HIVE_MIND
	ruler_title_female = RT_HIVE_MIND_FEMALE
	possible = {
		is_hive_empire = yes
		has_country_flag = ac_genetic_perfect
	}
	weight = {
		base = @gov_authority_swap_weight
	}
}

# Genetic Assimilator Hive
auth_ac_genetic_hive_chaotic = {
	ruler_title = RT_HIVE_MIND
	ruler_title_female = RT_HIVE_MIND_FEMALE
	possible = {
		is_hive_empire = yes
		has_country_flag = ac_genetic_chaotic
	}
	weight = {
		base = @gov_authority_swap_weight
	}
}

### Psionic Governments
# Psionic Democracy Divine
gov_ac_psionic_democratic_divine = {
	ruler_title = RT_PRESIDENT
	ruler_title_female = RT_PRESIDENT_FEMALE
	possible = {
		is_democratic_authority = yes
		has_country_flag = ac_psionic_divine
	}
	weight = {
		base = @gov_authority_swap_weight
	}
}

# Psionic Democracy Eldritch
gov_ac_psionic_democratic_eldritch = {
	ruler_title = RT_PRESIDENT
	ruler_title_female = RT_PRESIDENT_FEMALE
	possible = {
		is_democratic_authority = yes
		has_country_flag = ac_psionic_eldritch
	}
	weight = {
		base = @gov_authority_swap_weight
	}
}

# Psionic Oligarchy Divine
gov_ac_psionic_oligarchic_divine = {
	ruler_title = RT_CHIEF_PRECENTOR
	ruler_title_female = RT_CHIEF_PRECENTOR_FEMALE
	possible = {
		is_oligarchic_authority = yes
		has_country_flag = ac_psionic_divine
	}
	weight = {
		base = @gov_authority_swap_weight
	}
}

# Psionic Oligarchy Eldritch
gov_ac_psionic_oligarchic_eldritch = {
	ruler_title = RT_CHIEF_PRECENTOR
	ruler_title_female = RT_CHIEF_PRECENTOR_FEMALE
	possible = {
		is_oligarchic_authority = yes
		has_country_flag = ac_psionic_eldritch
	}
	weight = {
		base = @gov_authority_swap_weight
	}
}

# Psionic Dictatorship Divine
gov_ac_psionic_dictatorial_divine = {
	ruler_title = RT_EXECUTOR
	ruler_title_female = RT_EXECUTOR_FEMALE
	possible = {
		is_dictatorial_authority = yes
		has_country_flag = ac_psionic_divine
	}
	weight = {
		base = @gov_authority_swap_weight
	}
}

# Psionic Dictatorship Eldritch
gov_ac_psionic_dictatorial_eldritch = {
	ruler_title = RT_EXECUTOR
	ruler_title_female = RT_EXECUTOR_FEMALE
	possible = {
		is_dictatorial_authority = yes
		has_country_flag = ac_psionic_eldritch
	}
	weight = {
		base = @gov_authority_swap_weight
	}
}

# Psionic Imperial Divine
gov_ac_psionic_imperial_divine = {
	ruler_title = RT_GOD_EMPEROR
	ruler_title_female = RT_GOD_EMPRESS
	heir_title = HT_AC_DEMIGOD
	heir_title_female = HT_AC_DEMIGODDESS
	use_regnal_names = yes
	dynastic_last_names = yes
	possible = {
		is_imperial_authority = yes
		has_country_flag = ac_psionic_divine
	}
	weight = {
		base = @gov_authority_swap_weight
	}
}

# Psionic Imperial Eldritch
gov_ac_psionic_imperial_eldritch = {
	ruler_title = RT_EMPEROR
	ruler_title_female = RT_EMPRESS
	heir_title = HT_CROWN_PRINCE
	heir_title_female = HT_CROWN_PRINCESS
	use_regnal_names = yes
	dynastic_last_names = yes
	possible = {
		is_imperial_authority = yes
		has_country_flag = ac_psionic_eldritch
	}
	weight = {
		base = @gov_authority_swap_weight
	}
}

# Psionic Corporate Divine
gov_ac_psionic_corporate_divine = {
	ruler_title = RT_EXECUTOR
	ruler_title_female = RT_EXECUTOR_FEMALE
	possible = {
		is_megacorp = yes
		has_country_flag = ac_psionic_divine
	}
	weight = {
		base = @gov_authority_swap_weight
	}
}

# Psionic Corporate Eldritch
gov_ac_psionic_corporate_eldritch = {
	ruler_title = RT_EXECUTOR
	ruler_title_female = RT_EXECUTOR_FEMALE
	possible = {
		is_megacorp = yes
		has_country_flag = ac_psionic_eldritch
	}
	weight = {
		base = @gov_authority_swap_weight
	}
}

## Psionic Teacher Governments
# Psionic Teacher Imperial
gov_ac_psi_teacher_monarchy = {
	ruler_title = RT_GOD_EMPEROR
	ruler_title_female = RT_GOD_EMPRESS
	heir_title = HT_SAINT
	heir_title_female = HT_SAINT_FEMALE
	use_regnal_names = yes
	dynastic_last_names = yes
	possible = {
		has_country_flag = ac_psi_teacher_advanced_government
		is_imperial_authority = yes
		is_spiritualist = yes
	}
	weight = {
		base = @gov_authority_swap_weight
	}
}

# Psionic Teacher Dictatorship
gov_ac_psi_teacher_dictatorship = {
	ruler_title = RT_GRAND_ARBITER
	ruler_title_female = RT_GRAND_ARBITER_FEMALE

	possible = {
		has_country_flag = ac_psi_teacher_advanced_government
		is_dictatorial_authority = yes
		is_spiritualist = yes
	}

	weight = {
		base = @gov_authority_swap_weight
	}
}

# Psionic Teacher Oligarchy
gov_ac_psi_teacher_oligarchy = {
	ruler_title = RT_HIGH_PRIEST
	ruler_title_female = RT_HIGH_PRIESTESS

	possible = {
		has_country_flag = ac_psi_teacher_advanced_government
		is_oligarchic_authority = yes
		is_spiritualist = yes
	}

	weight = {
		base = @gov_authority_swap_weight
	}
}

# Psionic Teacher Democracy
gov_ac_psi_teacher_democracy = {
	ruler_title = RT_FIRST_SPEAKER
	ruler_title_female = RT_FIRST_SPEAKER_FEMALE

	possible = {
		has_country_flag = ac_psi_teacher_advanced_government
		is_democratic_authority = yes
		is_spiritualist = yes
	}

	weight = {
		base = @gov_authority_swap_weight
	}
}

# Psionic Teacher MegaCorp
gov_ac_psi_teacher_megacorp = {
	ruler_title = RT_HIGH_PRIEST
	ruler_title_female = RT_HIGH_PRIESTESS
	possible = {
		has_country_flag = ac_psi_teacher_advanced_government
		is_megacorp = yes
		is_spiritualist = yes
	}

	weight = {
		base = @gov_authority_swap_weight
	}
}

# Psionic Teacher Criminal MegaCorp
gov_ac_psi_teacher_criminal_megacorp = {
	ruler_title = RT_ORACLE
	ruler_title_female = RT_ORACLE
	possible = {
		has_country_flag = ac_psi_teacher_advanced_government
		is_megacorp = yes
		is_spiritualist = yes
		has_valid_civic = civic_criminal_heritage
	}

	weight = {
		base = @gov_authority_swap_weight
		add = @gov_civic_override_weight
		modifier = {
			factor = 2
			has_valid_civic = civic_criminal_heritage
		}
	}
}